docs: replace holesky for hoodi + add sepolia links (#2276)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: docs/1_introduction/2_example_quiz_app.md

```

Then you need to get some funds to pay for gas and proof verification.

> You can do this by using this [faucet](https://hoodi-faucet.pk910.de/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by using this [faucet](https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/hoodi)
```
